<div><h1>Web Developer Foundation with Laravel Jetstream and Nova</h1><p>This repository serves as a solid foundation for web developers, integrating Laravel Jetstream and Nova along with essential setups for permission management, activity logging, and more. All configurations and updates are completed and ready for immediate use.</p><h2>Packages Installed</h2><ol><li><strong>PHP</strong> (^8.1): The programming language used for backend development.</li><li><strong>Bolechen/Nova-Activitylog</strong> (^0.4.3): A package for logging activities in Laravel Nova, providing insights into user actions within the Nova admin panel.</li><li><strong>Digital-Creative/Collapsible-Resource-Manager</strong> (^2.1): Enhances the resource manager in Nova by providing collapsible sections for better organization and navigation.</li><li><strong>GuzzleHttp/Guzzle</strong> (^7.2): A widely-used PHP HTTP client for making HTTP requests, often utilized for interacting with external APIs.</li><li><strong>Laravel/Framework</strong> (^10.10): The Laravel PHP framework, providing a robust foundation for building web applications.</li><li><strong>Laravel/Jetstream</strong> (^4.2): A sleek authentication scaffolding library for Laravel, offering features such as login, registration, two-factor authentication, and more.</li><li><strong>Laravel/Nova</strong> (*): A beautifully designed administration panel for Laravel applications, facilitating the management of resources and data.</li><li><strong>Laravel/Sanctum</strong> (^3.3): Laravel Sanctum provides a lightweight authentication system for SPAs (single-page applications), mobile applications, and simple token-based APIs.</li><li><strong>Laravel/Tinker</strong> (^2.8): Laravel Tinker is a powerful REPL (Read-Eval-Print Loop) tool for interacting with your Laravel application from the command line.</li><li><strong>Livewire/Livewire</strong> (^3.0): Livewire is a full-stack framework for Laravel that enables developers to build dynamic interfaces using Laravel's server-side rendering capabilities.</li><li><strong>Pktharindu/Nova-Permissions</strong>: This package extends Laravel Nova's authorization system, providing fine-grained control over user permissions and access levels within the Nova admin panel.</li></ol><p>Feel free to explore and leverage these packages to streamline your web development process with Laravel. Happy coding! 🚀</p></div>

<center>Copyright &copy; ' . now()->year . ' <a href="https://web.facebook.com/shehan.saralk/" target="blank"> <font color="red"> Shehan Rashmika. </font></a> All Rights Reserved.<br/>Built upon the Nova Startup Foundation. Crafted with boundless love for the world.</center>
